Copyright © 1991 by Borland International. All rights reserved.
All Borland products are trademarks or registered trademarks of
Borland International, Inc. Other brand and product names are
trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.
Windows, as used in this product, refers to Microsoft's
implementation of a windows system.

How to contact Borland
----------------------

Borland offers a variety of services to answer your questions
about this product. Be sure to send in the registration card;
registered owners are entitled to technical support and may
receive information on upgrades and supplementary products.

To contact Borland,

  1. Type GO BPROGB on the CompuServe bulletin board system for
     instant access to the Borland forums with their libraries of
     technical information and answers to common questions.

     If you are not a member of CompuServe, see the enclosed
     special offer, and write for full details on how to receive
     a free IntroPak containing a $15 credit toward your first
     month's on-line charges.

  2. Check with your local software dealer or users' group.

  3. Borland's TECHFAX service. Call (800) 822-4269 for a FAX 
     catalog of entries.

  4. If you have an urgent problem that cannot wait and you have
     sent in the license agreement that came with the package,
     you may call the Borland Technical Support Department at
     (408) 438-5300. Please have the following information ready
     before calling:

     a. Product name and serial number on your original
        distribution disk.  Please have your serial number ready
        or we will be unable to process your call.

     b. Product version number. The version number for Borland
        C++ can be displayed by pressing Alt-H/A.

     c. Computer brand, model, and the brands and model numbers of
        any additional hardware.

     d. Operating system and version number. (The version number
        can be determined by typing VER at the DOS prompt.)

     e. Contents of your AUTOEXEC.BAT file.

     f. Contents of your CONFIG.SYS file.
